Ahrefs
Product
Our data
Resources
Pricing
Enterprise
Dashboard
Upgrade
Ahrefs
Sign up
Free SEO Tools /
Backlink Checker
Try the free version of Ahrefs’ Backlink Checker. Get a glimpse into the power of our premium tool.


Backlink Checker
/
Website Authority Checker
/
Broken Link Checker

https://wordcounterplusapp.com/
For example,

ahrefs.com

yep.com

Subdomains

Check backlinks
The most powerful backlink checker
Ahrefs has the second most active web crawler after Google, which means we have the best backlink database in the industry.

Our backlink index is updated with fresh data every 15 minutes.

493
B
Pages in index
28
T
Internal backlinks
500
M
Domains
35
T
External backlinks (historical records)
Ahrefs SEO Toolbar
Check any website’s authority
as you browse
Unlock Domain Rating (DR) and URL Rating (UR) metrics with our browser extension and free Ahrefs account.

Add to Chrome
Also available for Firefox.

Ahrefs Metrics Banner
See domain and page-level metrics for any target
Check any website, URL or subsection to see actionable and insightful SEO metrics:

Number of referring domains

Number of backlinks

Domain Rating (DR)

Ahrefs Rank (AR)


Our proprietary Domain Rating (DR) metric is super-useful for judging the “backlink popularity” (strength) of a target.

Monitor the growth and decline of backlink profiles
See an interactive view of referring domains and pages over time.


Shows the cumulative growth or decline in referring domains over time.
Get a complete breakdown of the target’s backlink profile
See every page linking to your target in the detailed Backlinks report. Use powerful filters to dive deeper.

Link type (“dofollow” / “nofollow”)

Platform

Domain Rating (DR)

URL Rating (UR)

Referring domains

Etc


See estimated organic traffic to each linking page & referring domain
Get awesome insights into the popularity of the linking web page and website with organic traffic estimates. No other tool shows you this.


See estimated organic traffic to the linking page.

Backlinks report
/

Referring domains report
See all websites linking to your target with domain-wide metrics
Check the Referring domains report to see every linking domain, along with useful SEO metrics.

Domain Rating (DR)

Referring domains (followed)

Linked domains (followed)

Estimated organic traffic

Links to target (total & followed)


Find any linking domain with the handy search function.


See the most linked-to pages
Find "linkworthy" pages by researching your competitors' most linked-to pages with the Best by links report.


Use the "404 not found" filter to find highly linked-to broken pages on any website and kickstart a broken link building campaign.


See a complete breakdown of all outbound links
The Linked domains report shows SEO metrics for every outbound linked domain.

Domain Rating (DR)

Ahrefs Rank (AR)

Total followed referring domains

Total followed linked domains

Estimated organic traffic

Number of links from the target (total & followed)


We also show the target's broken outbound links in the Broken links report, and a full breakdown of outbound linking anchor text in the Anchors report.


See all broken outbound links on the target website or URL.

Broken links
/

Anchors
In-depth link analysis features
Here are more features that make Ahrefs’ Backlink Checker special:

See followed and nofollowed links — The more quality followed backlinks a site has, the more trustworthy it is in the eyes of Google. Ahrefs shows you the complete picture of followed vs nofollowed links for any target.
Backlink anchor text — Analyze anchor texts to see how your competitors optimize their backlink profiles. Use anchor text analysis to detect possible negative SEO attacks on your website.
Disavow link spam — If you notice some suspicious backlink activity, you can add spammy links to a disavow file directly from the Backlink Checker. Importing this file into Google’s Disavow Tool takes only a few clicks.
Export to PDF and CSV — Need to report on your findings or download a report for further analysis? Simply export your data and reports to a PDF or CSV file.
Inbuilt filters, in every report — Analyze the data you care about, and nothing else.
In a nutshell, Ahrefs’ Backlink Checker is a powerhouse capable of pretty much any backlink research task.

We're constantly evolving the tool and introducing more useful features and data for SEO professionals.

Link Building Guides

The Beginner’s Guide to Link Building
Everything you need to know about link building for SEO. What it is, how it works, what makes a good link, how to build it and more.


9 Easy Link Building Strategies (That Anyone Can Use)
Are you struggling to build backlinks to your website? Try these 9 easy (yet effective) link building strategies today.


The Only 8 Link-Building Tools You Need (Free & Paid)
You don't need dozens of link building tools. You just need 8 of them. Here are the 8 we recommend.

Sign up for Ahrefs. Stay discoverable—in search, AI, and beyond.
17,259 users joined Ahrefs in the last 7 days
Starter

See what people search and spy on competitors.

Learn more ↗

$
29
/mo
Get started
Webmaster Tools

Get Ahrefs data on your site and fix what matters.

Learn more ↗

Free
Get started
Language

English
Core tools
Brand Radar
Dashboard
Site Explorer
Keywords Explorer
Site Audit
Rank Tracker
Content Explorer
Web Analytics
GBP Monitor
Social Media Manager
Use cases →
Competitive Intelligence
SEO
PPC
Content Marketing
Brand Marketing
Alternatives →
Ahrefs vs Semrush
Free SEO tools →
Webmaster Tools
Backlink Checker
Broken Link Checker
Website Authority Checker
Keyword Generator
YouTube Keyword Tool
Amazon Keyword Tool
Bing Keyword Tool
SERP Checker
SEO Toolbar
WordPress Plugin
Keyword Rank Checker
Keyword Difficulty Checker
Website Checker
AI Writing tools
SEO Audit Tool
Extra tools & features
Domain Comparison
Batch Analysis
Link Intersect
Content Gap
Email Alerts
SEO Checker
Word Count
Grammar Checker
Traffic Checker
Looker Studio Connectors
Top Websites
SEO Reporting
AI Content Helper
Patches
Portfolios
IndexNow
Product
Pricing
Our data
AhrefsBot
API
Enterprise
What’s new?
Company
About
Team
Jobs
Tech
Media kit
Contact us
Legal info
Privacy Policy
Events
Testimonials
Resources
Blog
Tech blog
Podcast
SEO Guide
Help center
Academy
Marketing Agencies
Digest
Social
Twitter
Youtube
Instagram
Facebook
Linkedin
© 2025 Ahrefs Pte. Ltd. (201227417H) 16 Raffles Quay, #33-03 Hong Leong Building, Singapore 048581

Backlink profile for https://wordcounterplusapp.com/


Domain including subdomains. One link per domain

Domain Rating
0
URL Rating
Get UR free with Ahrefs SEO Toolbar
Backlinks
8
13% dofollow

Linking websites
8
13% dofollow

DR
Referring page
Anchor and target URL
53

ProductHunt Launch Domain Usage (9th October 2025 ) - Crunch.id

https://crunch.id/producthunt-launch-domain-usage-9th-october-2025/

Website: wordcounterplusapp.com

https://wordcounterplusapp.com/?ref=producthunt
1

Optimizing Your SEO Audit Process with SeoDaro.com

https://seodaro.com/increasing-engagement-with-seo-seodaro-7220/

wordcounterplusapp.com’s success story with SeoDaro.com

https://wordcounterplusapp.com/
5

Startups Launched on 19 Oct 2025 - StartupTile

https://startuptile.com/19-Oct-2025

startuptile Word Counter Plus App-Word Counter & Text Analyzer Word Counter Plus App Word Counter & Text Analyzer

https://wordcounterplusapp.com/
2

Effective Backlink Building Tips from the Experts at SeoNexi.com

https://seonexi.com/affordable-seo-solutions-seonexi-6233/

SeoNexi.com tips directly from wordcounterplusapp.com

https://wordcounterplusapp.com/
53

👲 Domain Report 👲

https://atomizelink.icu/report/125278

more helpful hints wordcounterplusapp.com &nbsp

https://wordcounterplusapp.com/
42

Professional SEO Services: Boost Domain Rating with High-Quality, DoFollow & Permanent Backlinks – My Blog

https://seoprobox.xyz/seo-services-increase-dr-permanent-dofollow-backlinks-9810/

Rank Fast, Rank Smart – DR/DA Backlink Boost for wordcounterplusapp.com

https://wordcounterplusapp.com/
77

Google Ranking Booster: Manual Work: Ahrefs DR + MOZ DA+Pbn Backlinks Visit SeoBoost.agency – rankongoogle.agency

https://rankongoogle.agency/ulkdzj-google-ranking-lift-traffic-with-contextual-seo-backlinks/

whitehat traffic wordcounterplusapp.com DR 70+ backlinks Google ranking upto 8x | Seoboost.agency World no 1 Seo Agency

https://wordcounterplusapp.com/
70

Boost Your SEO Performance and Rank #1 on Google with Powerful Premium Backlinks Discover the Secret to Google Ranking Success with Quality Premium Backlinks – Boost Your SEO Performance and Rank #1 on Google with Powerful Premium Backlinks

https://primeseo.xyz/the-best-way-to-improve-your-google-ranking-using-trusted-premium-backlinks-for-faster-seo-growth-1457/

Rank Higher on Google with Premium Backlinks and Proven SEO Strategies – wordcounterplusapp.com provides powerful link-building services, including guest posts, high-authority backlinks, and safe PBN campaigns that deliver real, long-term ranking growth, improved visibility, and consistent website traffic.

https://wordcounterplusapp.com/
